# OAuth Endpoint API

## OAuth EndpointDescription

##### NOTES

- All documentation for Portfolios REST APIs is available in Swagger. For the optimal experience with theREST
    API documentation, Planview recommends accessing the Swagger page for your Portfolios environment. For
    more information on how to access the Portfolios REST API documentation in Swagger, see theUsing Swagger
    for API Documentation and Testing.
- Attributeand parameter values are case-sensitive.

The OAuth endpoint supports the authentication/authorization APIs for the Portfolios REST APIs.

## GET /public-api/v1/oauth/ping

Secured ping. Requires OAuth token. ( **publicApiV1OauthPingGet** )

This differs from echo/ping in that it is secured, and as such proves your credentials work. When successful, the API

#### should return:pong

## Return Type

String

## Example Data

Content-Type: application/json

```
string
```
## Produces

This API call produces the following media types according to the Accept request header; the media type will be

conveyed by the Content-Type response header:

```
OAuth Endpoint API © 2025 Planview, Inc.
Planview Confidential | All Rights Reserved
```

- text/plain
- application/json
- text/json

### Responses

```
200 Success
```
```
401 Unauthorized
```
## POST /public-api/v1/oauth/token

Generates an OAuth2 token. ( **publicApiV1OauthTokenPost** )

##### NOTES

- The access tokens generated by this API call are bearer tokens.
- The bearer access tokens have a lifespan of 60 minutes. After yourbearer token has expired, you need to
    perform this authorizationprocedure again and retrieve a new bearer token for API access.
- Only client credentials are supported, which require a client ID and client secret.

### Sample API Call

```
POST /token
{
"grant_type": "client_credentials",
"client_id": "YourClientIdGoesHere",
"client_secret": "YourClientSecretGoesHere"
}
```
### Consumes

This API call consumes the following media types via the Content-Type request header:

- multipart/form-data

```
OAuth Endpoint API © 2025 Planview, Inc.
Planview Confidential | All Rights Reserved
```

### Form Parameters

```
Parameter Description
Required or
Optional
```
```
client_id The client ID for the client credentials created from theManage OAuth Clients
screen.
```
```
Required
```
```
client_secret The clientsecret for the client credentials created from the Manage OAuth Clients
screen.
```
```
Required
```
```
grant_type The type of permissionused for accessing the data. Use the following
```
#### value:client_credentials

```
Required
```
### Return Type

TokenSuccess

### Example Data

Content-Type: application/json

##### {

```
"access_token" : "access_token",
"token_type" : "bearer",
"expires_in" : 0
}
```
### Produces

This API call produces the following media types according to the Accept request header; the media type will be

conveyed by the Content-Type response header.

- application/json

### Responses

```
200 Success
```
```
400 Bad Request
```
```
OAuth Endpoint API © 2025 Planview, Inc.
Planview Confidential | All Rights Reserved
```

